$ Jan 25, 2025 $

$ Hi! I have a lot of things going on. It seems that my mind could explode. Maybe I am naive, or I just feel like that. Sometimes I feel that people are ahead of me. For example, maybe someone already has thought about what I am going to say, and even more people. The thing is, I just realized that many things we believe are only abstractions; in other words, none of them are real. Let me be clear about that. For example, I started to think about justice. But justice is just a concept. Sometimes we personify justice as a woman. But it seems that justice is just a concept, and it came to exist only if we put justice in action (only if we practice this concept called "justice"). The same thing occurs with other abstractions we learned during life and seem to exist only if we practice them. I don't know if it works for other things such as wealth, becoming rich, feeling confident, having some sense of power, even just a little, and other things in life. Somehow, I always believed that the path of the just, the righteous, and the wise could be better than the path of the bad and of the fool. Today I started to think about why some people have some tendency, or something like that, to get things in their lives so easily. About a lot of years ago, I started to think of not working too hard, but still working sometimes hard, and more importantly, working wisely. If I believe in some kind of luck and that I can pull randomness closer to me, so it is not as random as before, and the probability of getting something to become closer to my expectations. Or if I have some kind of faith, even if I don't know how this works, at least try harder so I can get something meaningful in my life. I don't understand any of these things; maybe they are beyond my comprehension. Right now I feel sad for many bad things that happened in my life, and for so many years, that for some reason I started to think that maybe we have some kind of hell when I feel so suffocated, and even the atmosphere around me feels heavy and somehow obscure. And I want to change things in my life, but still, I feel so powerless. Sometimes it is difficult to visualize if the suffering will stop, and I will start to live,  stop complaining and really enjoy something in life, especially something so meaningful and important. $